Update Infrastructure as Code (#1383)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/102-devops/content/105-infrastructure-as-code/readme.md

> # Infrastructure as Code
> Sometimes referred to as IaaC, this section refers to the techniques and tools used to define infrastructure, typically in a markup language like YAML or JSON. Infrastructure as code allows DevOps Engineers to use the same workflows used by software developers to version, rollback, and otherwise manage changes.  
> The term Infrastructure as Code encompasses everything from bootstrapping to configuration to orchestration, and it is considered a best practice in the industry to manage all infrastructure as code.  This technique precipitated the explosion in system complexity seen in modern DevOps organizations.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Infrastructure as Code

Sometimes referred to as IaaC, this section refers to the techniques and tools used to define infrastructure, typically in a markup language like YAML or JSON. Infrastructure as code allows DevOps Engineers to use the same workflows used by software developers to version, roll back, and otherwise manage changes.  

The term Infrastructure as Code encompasses everything from bootstrapping to configuration to orchestration, and it is considered a best practice in the industry to manage all infrastructure as code.  This technique precipitated the explosion in system complexity seen in modern DevOps organizations.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWw2wuiKd5o'>What is Infrastructure as Code?</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POPP2WTJ8es'>What is Infrastructure as Code? Difference of Infrastructure as Code Tools</BadgeLink>
```
